Assessments--
1 . An SQS queue which subscribes to a SNS topic based on a particular message type
2. A lambda function which is listening to the SQS Queue (in point 1) events and writing the messages body to s3
3. S3 bucket configured with versioning and lifecycle polices for that data
4 Necessary policies and roles required for this use-case

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Solution----

Steps 1-  SQS Service Actions --- 

   A-  Create new queue in SQS aws service.
   B-  we can select and congiure the SQS type as standard SQS and FIFO. 

Steps 2-  SNS Service Actions

   A- Create SNS topic name
   B- Create subscription
   C- Click on protocol and select 'Amazon SQS'
   D- Set the SQS arn in Endpoint
   E- Click on create subscription and your subscription will be successfully created.


Step 3- Again SQS Service Ation after SNS creations.---

   A- Create permission for SNS in SQS in permission section 
   B- Select the following sections --
       Effect -->   Allow
       Principal  --> mark check Everybody
    
    --- You can set conditions---
       Qualifier --> none
       Condition --> StringEquals
       Key --> awsSourceArn
       Value --> set sns topic arn as value.

   C- Click on Add permission and confirm Yes,Add Condition
   

Step 4- S3 bucket service

   A- Create S3 bucket    Example bucket name -- sqs_bucket 
   B- Set the versioning in s3 bucket.
      --Goto  --> Properties
      --Listed the versioning option
      --Goto Versioning and set Enable and click on save
   
   C- Set the bucket lifecycle polices---
      --Goto  --> Management
      --Select lifecycle Rule as per requirements.

Step  5- Lambda service

   A- Create Lambda function
   B- configure basic information in lambda--
      - Function name --
      - Runtime --- python version
      - Select Role which we have created 
   C- After Function creted we have  to Add Triger from Designer panel
   D- Within trigger configuration select SQS
   E- Select SQS arn in SQS queue field
   F- As per requeirement select batch size and Add.
   G- Now we need to write lambda function for sqs and s3 bucket.
     
     **check code files lambda_s3.py where i have written some python code to transfer sns data into s3 bucket.
   
   H- Save the SQS arn in lambda to trigger the SQS for processing.

   I- Save this and go on SNS service to publish message and SQS to Send Message as testing purpose. 


Policy and Role ----
 Role--- Create IAM user role for lambda function. example-- lambda-role
 
 Policies-----
 --  AWSLambdaExecute policy
 --  AmazoneSQSFullAcess policy  
 --  AmazoneS3FullAccess policy 


Note:- We can also assign only put and list object for s3 bucket as policy to lambda.  

